Tell me how you can meet a stinky man
Get away from me
You go one step further.
I'm going to call the police.
What is this positioning transmitter
Many people are thinking about your boss Gao
It tastes good.
And not poisoned
You can drink with confidence
Is it Liao Fan?
You are on the job
But get out of my office right now
I don't want to see your face
No problem. I'm available 24 hours a day
My phone number is already on the resume. Goodbye.
Zhang Shao, why are you here?
Is there something wrong with the contract?
OK
Of course I miss you. I can't sleep thinking about you.
Mr. Gao, he's coming to you again, gambler
Have money
Oh hum
Sure enough here
Mr. Gao, don't worry.
In this room
This should be the only bug.
Now the house is safe
Oh, it turned out to be Zhang Shao, you pretended it
What, you have voyeurism?